I've been given public talks for decades, and versus 15, and in all that time, I've never had something like this happen.
Thank you.
I'm really, really, really, too.
I hope to see you later.
If I ain't, yes.
Give a minute.
Yes.
Okay.
Thanks so much for just taking a moment.
I just wanted to bring to your attention.
He counseled me about my teaching.
I don't want to ignore his words, but the friends in the congregation love my talks.
I think.
Justice and righteousness.
If you open your Bible in Jeremiah, chapter 22, chapter 22, verses 15 and 16.
I'm just not sure how to feel about all of this.
We watched a good news according to Jesus again.
This time, I paid special attention to the correction that Sakurai received.
I read the account again, and I noticed he was described as being blameless.
But that did not mean he was above correction.
My brother gave me kind, but direct counsel from God's word.
It's a privilege to teach in the congregation, and I want to give my very best to Jehovah.
David, do you have a moment?
Sure.
I wanted to ask you, well, I'm working on a part for next week.
I want to open you, listen to it, and let me know what I can work on.
Of course.
I'll be happy to.
I really appreciate it.
Hey, by the way, will you and your wife still be able to join us for that gathering next week?
Oh, absolutely.
We're really looking forward to it.
See you here.
All right.
Good night.
My life.
I wanted to be a pioneer.
God has decided to adjust the hour requirements for pioneers.
The requirement will now be 600 hours per year.
That is an average.
I was grateful for the adjustment, but I still didn't feel like I had the right circumstances.
Mom, are you okay?
Are you okay?
I was determined to care for Mama, no matter how hard it got at times.
My aunt and uncle would come by to help so that I could attend the meetings.
I'm happy to announce that Sister Chloe O'Malley is now serving as a regular pioneer.
My mother's much younger than me started pioneering.
I was happy for them, but I never thought it would happen for me.
I took comfort in Elizabeth's example.
Life must have been hard for Elizabeth, but she didn't let disappointment to find her.
To hold of you to her as righteous and blameless.
That's how I wanted him to see me too.
I wanted to service with you.
Yeah.
Are you free this Friday?
So I continued to do as much in the ministry as my circumstances allowed.
I also found joy in helping those who could pioneer.
I had to focus on what I could do.
But like Elizabeth, I got an unexpected blessing.
My aunt and uncle wanted to do more time to help me with Mama.
Grateful for what I had done all those years.
Jehovah had turned his attention to me.
He paved a way for me to be able to pioneer even though I thought that it would never be possible.
I just wanted to say, you've always been someone I've looked up to.
Thank you for everything you've done for me.
Sister Fernandez, do you mind going out with Sister Garcia?
Very good. So how about we conclude with a prayer?
You ready?
I actually know.
It's okay. I have the term visits and I could drive too.
Oh, okay.
Sorry I'm a mess this morning.
I was up late again.
I want everything to be perfect for the gathering next week.
You do so much to build others up.
But are you taking the time to build yourself up?
You know, that's a good question.
You know helped me, Mary.
Gonzales?
Jesus' mother.
Oh, I took Rosa's suggestion.
And as a family, we watched the good news according to Jesus again.
But I focused on Mary's example.
She never missed an opportunity to learn about Jehovah
and deepen her personal relationship with him.
When she spoke with Elizabeth, her words showed the depth of her faith
and love for God.
I'm so glad we watched that again.
I really appreciated how Mary magnified Jehovah
with everything she had.
And he loved her for it.
Yeah, you could really see what he chose her.
She knew the scriptures so well.
But it's not just that.
She was deep.
She understood them.
I used to be like that.
What are you talking about?
I need to do more to feed myself spiritually.
What can I do to help?
You do so well at caring for our family's spiritual needs.
I appreciate that so much.
But I need to start setting aside some personal time
to deepen my relationship with Jehovah.
I have territory, and I can drive.
That sounds good.
Hey.
Hey, babe.
You need to talk.
Okay.
My boss called me in right at the end of the day.
Said that I need to start traveling for two weeks out of the month.
What did you tell him?
I told him I would think about it.
I only have till the end of the week to decide.
I can't lose this job.
They've really put you in a dark spot.
It feels impossible.
What does Jehovah want you to do?
He wants me to provide for my family, but...
What does that really mean?
What does it mean?
It's not just money.
What would happen if I spend all this time away?
What kind of husband and father do I want to be?
Joseph worked hard without sacrificing time with his family,
invested in them spiritually.
I need to provide for my family in every way.
I can't do that if I'm not here.
We sat down as a family and discussed ways that we could simplify,
knowing that I might lose my job.
We weren't sure how Jehovah was going to take care of us,
but we were ready to trust him.
I'm so sorry, I'm running late.
No problem, my dear.
For the Davis, could you take John and the Garcia's with you?
Thank you.
Lucia, are you still taking Pearl on some return visits?
Yes, that's the plan.
Great.
I don't know why I'm always the one having to clean up someone else's mess.
It's really frustrating, you know?
Sometimes it's just too much.
But what am I supposed to think?
I'm not a doctor that is a lot of anxiety.
It's too much to carry on your own.
Remember, first Peter, five-seven?
Through all your anxiety on Jehovah.
But Lucia, how much anxiety do you want to keep?
And how much do you want to give to Jehovah?
Thank you, Pearl.
I really needed your advice this morning.
But I feel like I spent the whole time talking about myself.
How are you?
I have my struggle,
but I'm grateful I went out with you today, my dear.
Me too, and I'm so glad we got that return visit home.
Yes.
I'll see you at the meeting tomorrow night.
Anna was never missing from the temple.
Night in the age she was there, ready to encourage others.
As a result, Jehovah blessed her.
And her account was recorded for us.
The brothers and sisters may not always know the struggles I have.
But Jehovah does.
And I am so thankful to be part of his family.
Perna, it's so good to see you.
Good to see you.
Perla, you're always the first one here.
There is no place I'd rather be.
Wait, she said what?
Yeah, man, it was weird.
Thanks, boys.
We'll be ready to eat soon.
It's true means we got an hour. Let's get a game in.
All right.
Wait, so I thought you said she had a girlfriend.
Yeah, she does, but she likes boys and girls.
Oh.
But she said it's not that big of a deal, though.
Wait, so then what'd you tell her?
Nothing. I go sit there.
You can't just avoid her.
Oh, you got to stand up for your beliefs.
Yeah, and say what? You know, you're cute and whatever,
but the Bible told me I can't hook up with you.
Come on, man.
I know what I'm supposed to say and everything,
but if I say it, everyone's just going to think I'm like,
close-minded or something.
And why do you care what they think?
I mean, sometimes it's just like,
I don't even know what I believe or why I believe it.
But isn't it worth trying to figure it out?
Is that even possible?
That's what Jesus did.
The religious teachers back then, they were teaching things
that were completely different than what the scriptures taught.
But Jesus, even as a kid,
he wasn't confused or intimidated by them.
He knew the truth,
and he wasn't afraid to take a stand for it.
I had to ask Jova to help me believe the truth like that.
And has he helped you?
Well, so far, every time I've had a question, I found answers.
Let me actually share with you an interesting article I found.
But he showed me that the things I struggle with,
the questions I thought were complicated,
had clear answers in God's word.
The world is so confused about what's right and what's wrong.
Maybe that's why it seems they're so unhappy.
But Jova's standards are always better for us.
And he gives us friends we can learn from.
Friends who help us draw close to him.